here are five things I learned from
watching the first part of the
Transformers pilot more than meets the
eye one space apparently is blue yeah oh
no - everybody looked cooler on
Cybertron what's even cooler than giant
robots that turn into cars giant robots
that turn into crazy futuristic vehicles
and pointy pyramid Jets the only guy who
really seems to lose out on this deal is
Soundwave scene here in telephone pole
mode but he makes up for it by having
the coolest cartoon voice ever three
Megatron's actually kind of a crummy
leader you know we all remember him
being this intergalactic badass but
Megatron really fumbles his way through
the plot here listen to how he reassures
one of his concerned minions upon
hearing that they've been away from
Cybertron for four million years well
can't argue with logic like that now
listen to his first brilliant tactic
upon arriving on earth yes we'll base
our mighty Galactic Empire there in that
pile of rocks and here's how he deals
with the news when one of his guys sees
a truck driving by yes
Willie suave äj-- so wabbit ravage
proceeds to rough up a couple of guys in
hard hats for no good reason and chase
them off clearly four million years of
sleep hasn't dulled Megatron's brilliant
tactical mind which brings me to number
four all humans in the transformers
universe wear hard hats I have no idea
why but it's true
five don't with Laserbeak even more
surprising than Megatron's disappointing
showing is the fact that Laserbeak
really kicks ass he chases down two
Autobots one with his invisible magic
gun that can chase on its own and he
takes out another one two or three times
his size with relative ease and then in
the climactic final battle he turns the
tide by packing Optimus Prime in the
head and that brings us to the
exciting conclusion of part 1 of more
than meets the eye tune in next time for
part 2 when Megatron goes after the
legendary Ruby crystals of Burma which
of course we've all heard of goodnight